so you have to find the three
and brightest lights there that make the
triangle these ones
and that's where the milky way is
it's good to get back on the road again
don't you think
but how about just exploring the outer
regions of
fifth gear
i thought we'd have a party i'm on the
edge
[Music]
all right if you had one wish in the
world
what would it be i wish this holiday
wouldn't end
so can you tell that it's gotten worse
[Music]
i'd like to make a speech i uh
well maybe maybe sam will do it for me
i'd love to do it for me
now as most of you will know i am slowly
losing my ability to
remember and i definitely wouldn't be
here
if it weren't for this man next to me
i want to be remembered for who i was
but not for who i'm about to become
it's not fair to you it's not about fair
it's about love
not sam i want to see this through with
you to the end
[Music]
you know a very wise man once said we
will not
starve for lack of wonders
but from lack of wonder
[Music]
you